for this delicious recipe we are going to
need lasagna pasta pepperoni
pizza sauce and grated cheese first
that there is nothing to cook our meat and
We are going to be placing ground beef
already marinated in a container with water
boiling until it is totally
cooked at the same time we will be
boiling already the pasta since the meat
milled is fully cooked let's
remove excess water and fat and
then we will put the ground meat
again in the pan to brown the
after the pasta has boiled
we are going to place it as we are seeing in
the video in a circular way so that it
make us much easier to close it
then we will be placing the meat
crushed bottles and cheese and
I'm also going to be using sauce
few that peron and because I do not
like it a lot but you do it to your
taste
we may have finished filling
our pizza lasagna let's proceed to
close it the way it looks in the
video
more pieces of pasta are used better
still so that you do not leave any
part on the outside then you will be
placing the sauce the cheese and
pepperoni above as always and
then you will put it in the oven in
400 degrees approximately 20 minutes
equal to
if you are going to recreate the recipe remember
tag me or put the hashtag that I'm going to
leave on screen to see the
photos and like